Katherine Mansfield, an outstanding English short-story writer of the 20th century, was born in
New Zealand in 1888 and died in 1923. She is the author of a number of excellent short stories
which deal with human nature and psychology. At the age of eighteen she decided to become a professional
writer. Her first short stories appeared in Melbourne in 1907, but literary fame came
to her in London after the publication of a collection of short stories called "In a German Pension".
Katherine Mansfield took a great interest in Russian literature, particularly in the works
of Chekhov. In fact, she considered herself to be a pupil of the great Russian writer.
Rosemary Fell was not exactly beautiful. She was young, brilliant, extremely modern, well dressed and
amazingly well read in the newest of the new books. Rosemary had been married two years, and her husband
was very fond of her. They were rich, really rich, not just comfortably well-off, so if Rosemary wanted to shop,
she would go to Paris as you and I would go to Bond Street. One winter afternoon she went into
a small shop to look at a little box which the shopman had been keeping for her. He had shown it to nobody
as yet so that she might be the first to see it. "Charming!" Rosemary admired the box. But how much
would he charge her for it? For a moment the shopman did not seem to hear. The lady could certainly afford
a high price. Then his words reached her, "Twenty-eight guineas, madam." "Twenty-eight guineas." Rosemary
gave no sign. Even if one is rich... Her voice was dreamy as she answered: "Well, keep it for me,
will you? I'll..." The shopman bowed. He would be willing of course, to keep it for her forever.
Outside rain was falling, there was a cold, bitter taste in the air, and the newly lighted lamps
looked sad... At that very moment a young girl, thin, dark, appeared at Rosemary's elbow and
a voice, like a sigh, breathed: "Madam, may I speak to you a moment?" "Speak to me?" Rosemary turned.
She saw a little creature, no older than herself who shivered as though she had just come out of the water.
